hey what's up everyone my name is Chris
winter and today I've got my hands on a
Canon T success and I'm going to show
you a bit of the slow motion recording
capabilities of the camera now it's not
going to be the best slow-motion
recording that you've ever seen it's
still only shoots at 720p but I think
it's good enough quality especially for
like web web use so it's definitely
worth checking out now guys if you
haven't seen it yet I'm actually going
to be giving away either a Canon t6i or
a T success to a subscriber so if you
haven't done yet make sure to hit that
subscribe button but anyway let's check
out this slow motion on this really nice
knife